Well, good morning, family, or evening, or afternoon, or wherever you are.
Thank you for joining us again tonight here where I'm at.
I just wanted to go over some things that we see in the news, and we're going to pray together.
I thought there were some very pressing things.
You know, tomorrow is a major day, October 7th, concerning the anniversary of the Israel-Gaza situation, and so we're going to pray into that.
We're going to pray for protection over our nation.
I've been alerted to some things that are concerning Cuba.
If anybody remembers some of the prophetic words that I have given concerning Cuba and what's coming, I think this is very alarming for what we've seen today in the news and what we're hearing about Canada and what they're wanting to implement concerning the internet and your rights concerning your phone.
I told you all that what I saw when I was praying, great persecution coming to Canada concerning religious freedom and freedom of speech, concerning what we would consider the First Amendment right here in America to be able to have the right to say what we want to say.
And so we see Canada coming out today saying that they want to implement—I don't remember what the bill's name is.
Do you see the bill?
It's called Bill C-8.
Protecting Canada from cyber threats.
They're labeling it 'Protecting Canada from cyber threats.
' Well, it looks like it's going to pass, but it gives them access without any explanation at all, or any kind of a warrant or anything.
They can turn off your cell phone.
They can turn off your computer, your home internet—all kinds of basically overreaching into your personal life, not allowing you to be able to say what you want to say anymore if they deem you a threat, with no warning.
So, you're basically cut off from the world instantaneously by the push of a button.
So, anybody who is on Canada's watch list or whatever, if they think you're radical or if you say too much, they'll just go, 'Hey,'—I don't remember the company's name that they're going alongside, but it's in this article if you would like to see it.
I found this—Braden found this.
People were asking me what it is.
It's called Breathe Easy.
I got it on Amazon.
I don't know, it seems to work a lot when I breathe it.
But I think this is terrible, and this is exactly what I warned you all was coming, all this pressure on the Canadian people, and that you would not be able to say the things that you want to say in the days ahead.
This is basically what I see as prophetic confirmation as a watchman, bringing you things that the Spirit of the Lord tells us to talk about.
Here is my cough drop.
Goodness gracious.
Bringing you things that the Lord tells us is coming.
And this is a major thing that bothered me a lot because I know what's coming to Canada.
I saw trying to be an iron curtain, similar to all your freedoms being stripped away.
So here's a stage of it.
And I told you, remember when I told you I saw the King of England stretching forth a scorpion tail?
You might have to go get me some hot tea so I can finish this.
I'm sorry.
A scorpion tail reaching in and trying to sting other parts, but Canada linked up with the King of England.
And I saw Emmanuel Macron in the background, and they all were linking up together, and they tried to form their own little alliance with finances and things like that as we see all that taking place.
I said they will try to disarm you, which starts this month, from October to October of 2026.
After that, you will no longer be able to have a firearm in Canada as a Canadian citizen.
Then we see the persecution coming—thanks, Mom is making it.
Then we see the persecution coming for freedom of speech and that they'll shut that down.
So as that happens there, that spirit is the antichrist spirit.
So we see, I said, you'll come against, and as the Canadians rise up, I saw Holy Ghost and fire coming on the churches in Canada.
I saw Holy Ghost and fire coming on the people of Canada.
And as they rose up inside, the glory of the Lord came in the way of a mighty rushing wind.
And I'm telling you, the mighty move of God is coming to Canada with all of these major persecutions that you will maybe see, if we pray against all this stuff, but I'm telling you, I saw it happening.
Then I saw the barrels rolling down, the whiskey barrels rolling down, and I saw the economy that was in trouble.
And the Lord said great trying times would come upon it, and it would look like tribulation had already begun in some parts of Canada, but it has not.
This is the beginning of sorrows.
The Lord warned us about this.
And I'm not trying to be doom and gloom for the people that live in Canada, but I'm trying to prepare you for what I have seen.
But out of this, I saw a fresh oil coming from the people.
As the olive press was pressing on the olives, and as the oil came forth, I saw a great mighty move of God coming upon the Canadians, but it came out of pressure.
And then I saw it trying to go over Europe, and the antichrist spirit would try to come upon Europe.
And I saw the same pressure, but this was with war.
And I saw the tanks rolling across the land.
And I saw it looked like, I told you, like a white Christmas whenever Bing Crosby is singing 'White Christmas' and the movie scene with World War II and the bombs going in the background.
And this is the types and shadows of the things that I saw of escalation of war.
But this one is the one that is concerning the most to me because it's really close to home.
I saw an extension from Russia to Cuba, and the Lord said old alliances from the Cuban Missile Crisis will be revisited.
There'll be old alliances come forth and you'll see old agreements coming forth.
So, as we see this with Cuba today, that they are announcing in the Miami area—can you play this video?
—Cuba secretly is sending troops to Ukraine to fight with Russia.
And they have found over 5,000 for sure.
And they're paying them $2,000 a piece.
$2,000 a piece!
And the average Cuban makes $20 a month.
So they're saying if you come over here and fight this battle with us, we'll give you $2,000 a piece.
So 5,000 people are supposed to have gone over there, and over 20,000 altogether.
And they found already dead Cuban soldiers in this war.
So, are you showing them?
Yeah.
So, this is in the news today.
This is what I warned you was coming.
And I saw in the middle of the night, I saw Russian subs going into Cuba, and they were developers there in a great front for the Cuban Missile Crisis again.
And I saw mules in the middle of the night.
Does anybody remember this?
When I told you I saw a biological something coming in a container out of Cuba, trying to be smuggled into America for mass destruction.
How many times have we prayed and the Spirit of the Lord has said, 'Watch Cuba.
Watch Cuba.
Pray over Cuba and what's about to take place.
' Oh, America, watch Cuba, for great old alliances from the 1960s from the Cuban Missile Crisis will try to be reestablished.
And I saw an extension cord going from Cuba into Russia, promising them financial freedom, promising them a new getting out from underneath the Western boot to join the BRICS, but they would have to align with them not just monetarily, but with military.
And we're seeing it happen just like the Spirit of the Lord told us would.
Do you have more on that?
Yeah.
Where's that video?
I want you to play that video.
Watch this video right here.
You need to see this.
This is what the Lord warned us about.
So, there you go, y'all.
Like I told you, watch Cuba, for old alliances from the 1960s will be reunited.
They'll have a new spring forth, a growth coming out of Cuba.
I warned you of this for months now, of what the Lord was telling us to watch in the middle of the night.
Here you see fruit.
This is very serious, a lot more serious than what people realize because of things that I've seen concerning this and the mules.
It's the mules that are the problem, the smuggling.
There's something major.
And as we see the Trump administration attacking Venezuela, there were the other ones.
Remember I said watch Venezuela, watch Cuba, watch Iran, for there will be an extension cord to these nations.
Venezuela was about their oil, and I saw a warfront.
If you go back and watch these videos, I saw a warfront trying to happen in the ocean concerning Venezuela.
It's happening.
They're saying it's a war on drug lords.
It poses as a front.
And I said black swan events would come forth.
Do you all remember that?
I said black swan events would start to come forth.
I say a lot.
The Holy Spirit does.
The Holy Spirit warns you of a lot when we pray as a family.
And so then we warn about Canada, and we warn about the other things.
There was another thing that I wanted you to...
Here's part of the word.
You want to hear this?
This isn't one of the times I've talked about it.
If you help us over here, we're linking with China and Venezuela and all these other dark countries.
'Hey, you've been picked on by the West.
You've had all these tariffs and sanctions and all this stuff put on you that you can't maneuver freely with your economy.
Cuba, if you join up with us and help us with this, we will bring you out of the Western boot,' bringing them into a new era of financing, trying to position them, telling them everything's going to be okay if you join them up with the BRICS.
So then I saw Cuba and it was highlighted, and the water around Cuba was crystal clear blue.
But then it had a line and Cuba started to glow and it started to become alive.
And I saw a spring of growth again coming up out of Cuba with leaves coming onto Cuba.
And it was growing, but there was an extension.
And I could see it had a line going from Cuba, like you would see like an internet cord coming out of Cuba into Russia, into that area.
Okay, it looked like an extension cord making Cuba alive, and it started to glow around the border with an electricity light.
It looked like whenever you have...
Okay, I'll explain it to you like this.
When you see a cloud, like a sun shining through the clouds, and you see the cloud glowing with light around it, and it comes through, and it's bleeding through the sun on the edges of the clouds.
That's the way Cuba looked.
But as it started to glow on the outskirts of the island, that land map, a new fountain of growth came up out of the middle of it as an extension cord was extended to them.
So there, I have another one there, but it's all right.
We won't watch it.
It's just too much.
It's redundant.
It all basically is saying the same thing, warning you over and over again of what the enemy is trying to do.
The other part was I heard General Flynn on Alex Jones warning about black swan events and major events taking place in America with the exact same things I've told you.
Now, I thought it was very interesting because, you know, Alex Jones is pretty right on about some of his intel and the things that he brings forth.
But as I watched this interview with Alex Jones, we have been infiltrated by al-Qaeda and other terrorist organizations in our country.
And so it was quite alarming, but you can't play him because I'll get my video flagged, but maybe you can listen to General Flynn a little bit.
But isn't that terrible?
Somebody who's a truth teller, people get mad.
You know, yeah, he misses it just like all of us do.
But, you know, he's been boycotted.
You can't even watch his videos on the internet without having egg thrown at you.
But, you know, General Flynn, the whole thing was, buckle up.
There's something major about to happen in America.
People need to wake up.
And this is why we have this prayer channel.
It's to warn you ahead of time, before these people even see it, to warn you what the enemy is planning to try to kill, steal, and destroy.
Then I warned you to pray over attacks against college campuses.
And I even brought up Alabama, and I saw the Alabama area, and I told you, I said, 'You need to pray over Alabama.
You need to pray over Texas.
You need to pray over these college campuses.
' And I've told you many times to pray over this over the last...
So then we have a major shooting at a college campus at a game this weekend.
At least two dead, multiple others, including a child, injured in a mass shooting after a college football game in Alabama.
It happened.
This is what I saw: stuff like this trying to take place to bring civil unrest even in a fun time in college games, and they can't find the shooter as of what I heard last.
Maybe they have now.
Did anybody know this took place?
They don't bring it out on the news a lot.
There's so much stuff going on.
So, we have major protests tomorrow that we must pray over in New York City concerning September 7th in Israel.
This is a major thing.
General Flynn said they found more SIM cards in another area a couple of days ago, and he brought that up.
General Flynn talked about it and told everybody they're finding this is a major, major operation.
This is funded by...
I told you, remember how many times I told you this isn't just anything that's normal.
This is funded by big money.
Every time I saw it, I saw it being funded by crypto and all kinds of different veins.
And the Lord warned, and he said this is a huge operation funded by millions of dollars.
I saw it was up to over hundreds of millions.
Big money.
Big money to get them here, paying the mules to get them here, to smuggle them.
It is a major, major infiltration in our country to pray.
And the Lord said it's not just about the big cities anymore; it's about the little towns, about the high school football games.
And I remember I was driving down in Tulsa.
I was praying, and the Lord said to me, he said, 'The very freedom you feel every day, that you don't have to be thinking is it okay to go to the grocery store today because we have law and order,' he said, 'that law and order in the days ahead, there's a storm coming and they're going to try to challenge that to try to bring disruption of peace in your nation.
' So, you must pray.
Pray over your president.
Pray over Homeland Security.
Pray over, excuse me, pray over ICE.
Pray over the FBI.
Pray over our people, that they would have wisdom and they would be able to expose the darkness that is trying to come on your land.
But this did not just involve us.
It was about Australia.
And everybody, I warned about the Opera House and an uprising in Australia to bring fear and chaos in your country.
And we see them protesting in Australia even yesterday.
Thousands of people showed up and was protesting around that Opera House, one after another after another.
And we saw that happening and protesting in this area.
And I know people say, 'Brandon, you know, I get the, "Brandon, you just see gloom and doom.
" Is there anything good that you ever see?
Are you just brought on the internet to bring fear?
All you talk about is fear.
' I said, 'You know what?
The Lord said, "Brandon, I've called you to say the hard things, and I want you to have a backbone and warn the people of what's coming.
Don't give them sugar on the lips like a lot of them do.
I want you to tell them the hard things that are trying to come on the land.
"' And folks, there's fruit in what I'm telling you.
I'm not just here to tell you bad things and say, "Hey, the sky is falling, Chicken Little," because I don't believe that.
We have to rise up as believing believers and pray.
But we have found that a lot of the churches have their head in the sand.
I even had one guy say, "Well, you know, I watch you, but you scared my wife, so she doesn't want to know the reality of what's going on, Brandon.
She wants to live like it's a fairy tale.
" They don't want to know what's happening in their nation, playing in that little town, Sharia law trying to come into our nation, but then playing that over the loudspeakers all over the town.
Again, this is marching that is happening.
Wait until tomorrow.
Wait until tomorrow on the 7th for what they have planned.
And I told you there will be great Antifa and other uprisings in our nation.
Can you play that?
This is in our small towns in America, folks.
But most people don't.
Then infiltrate.
I guess that's just a normal day, right?
We're just supposed to...
No, we don't.
We're not allowed to do all that stuff.
If we put loudspeakers on there with Amazing Grace going across there, they'd say it's a public disturbance.
"You're disturbing the peace.
You better turn that down.
You don't want to play Amazing Grace across the loudspeaker at the Baptist church.
You're disturbing the peace.
People can't sleep.
" Are you kidding me?
Does anybody learn about that?
I don't know, because I'm going to tell you what, that would weird me out if I lived in that town.
If I'm driving down, trying to have dinner, and I hear that playing across the loudspeaker, that's eerie.
That's weird.
This is America, I'm telling y'all.
So, what do you say?
"Well, Brandon, what do you do about it?
" You pray.
But you have to know what's happening so that maybe it motivates you to get a little, or some, righteous indignation in you to say, "Listen, you either grab a hold of your freedoms and what you have, or you lose them.
" But to act like it's not happening is ignorance.
You must wake up, America.
You must wake up, New York, as you say you want to vote for this man who says he's Muslim, who wants to bring forth all this Sharia law into New York City, taking away your freedoms.
And you say, "Well, we want that, we want this, we want that.
" You don't know what you want.
You're binded with a reprobate mind, and the very freedoms that you take for granted are trying to be stripped away from you one at a time.
And just like Canada, within a year you won't even be able to carry a firearm in your household to protect your family anymore.
Won't even be able to post soon if they pass this new bill saying that you can't even put stuff on the internet at all.
And they'll be able to push a button.
"Sorry, you know, you're not politically correct.
We don't like what you're saying.
So, you know, you're now becoming a cyber threat.
" So they'll be able to push a button and take your rights away.
The bills in your Senate or whatever you all have, your House Chambers or whatever you all do, you vote up there.
We have judges blocking our president from bringing in the National Guard to try to establish peace in Chicago, to help reinforce against the illegal activity with MS-13 and all these gangs, to try to bring a deflation and corral these evildoers out of our nation.
And you have judges saying, "We're going to block this.
We don't want you, Seattle.
We don't want you in here.
You can't help us.
We're going to block you with our judge orders.
" Do you not see that?
Why are they helping so much to try to keep these people in there who are trying to destroy our nation?
There's more to it than that.
And I've seen it and I can't get into it.
It's bigger than what you see.
So I bring these to you.
I bring this to you every single time like this to rattle your cage a little bit as we see the shootings, we see these things taking place.
Was there anything else before we start praying?
ICE-free zones.
ICE-free zone.
That's the one I'm talking about.
Are you going to put that out?
"Fox News: Chicago mayor creates ICE-free zones to block federal agents from city property.
" So that's what I'm talking about.
You have the mayor saying, "Well, you can't bring law and order here.
" And you've got more people dying in Chicago than any other area, with mass shootings and all kinds of gangs and all kinds of bad stuff.
I got this...
I wanted to say this before we pray.
I got this from a dear brother.
He is a master potter and he teaches pottery in college.
He's a professor of a pottery class.
And he made this little cup for me.
It's decorative.
It's really pretty to me.
He has the crown of thorns and the hands, and it has the cross and it has all kinds of cool stuff.
But he made that, and I just thought, "Isn't that nice?
" He sent that to me in the mail today.
There was a set of them for Diana and me, two cups, and I just thought, "People think of the nicest things.
" And he wrote his name underneath it, dated it, and was just telling us that he loves us.
But I thought, you know, he made it, he glazed it.
I'll just set it on a shelf.
It's too pretty to use.
But I thought, "Isn't that amazing?
People just thinking of you.
" It's just me saying thank you.
But let's pray tonight, y'all.
I tell you all that, like I said, just to fan that in you.
Does that motivate you?
Does that motivate you at all?
When you see that stuff, that's why I try to bring it to you, not to bring fear, but to motivate you to pray for the neighborhoods that you don't want this trash happening.
We even have them talking about Atlas, this new thing flying in the sky toward us.
And I warned you about alien visitations—false alien visitations that would bring forth an excuse of where everybody goes in the rapture.
And when Jesus told me on the edge of heaven, right before I came back into my body and came back into my room and he sent me back home, he said, "Brandon, one of the major signs that will happen before my return is there'll be false alien encounters.
This will be a way to explain away the rapture.
" And, "You will know even more, Brandon, that it's getting closer to my return the more this starts to happen on the news.
" I even saw in the vision that there will be an alien deity, like an alien form, being interviewed on TV.
Do you know the Bible says we entertain angels unaware?
Fallen angels are angels, right?
So if we can entertain angelic angels unaware, could you not entertain demonic spirits unaware that present themselves as angels of light to try to deceive the masses about what's coming?
Ladies and gentlemen, do not be fooled about what's coming on the news.
It is not ET.
I have to warn you, what is coming is not ET.
You say, "Oh, Brandon, that's way out there.
I don't believe that.
" I'm telling you, a great deception is coming.
Men's hearts will fail them for fear, looking after those things that are coming on the earth, for the powers of heaven will be shaken.
I warned you about the sun getting darker and that we would start to see that the animals, ducks, the migration of animals would be confused in the days ahead.
We have NASA warning that it looks like the sun is getting darker.
I said there'll be things that take place with our sun.
There'll be things that take place with our sun that even the breeding habits of animals will be thrown off the rut, with deer, or with elk, or with the antelope, or whatever.
They'll start to breed too early and not have spring babies, but have winter babies.
Do you understand?
Things are going to start to get really weird.
Birds are going to start flying south way too early.
You're going to see a haze upon the land.
The Lord said, "Even the light will be affected upon your land.
" He warned us about this.
I thought it was from volcanic ash because I see in part.
I don't always get the whole thing.
So, I thought, "What is going to cause this?
" I've always tried to just be quiet, you know, and just pray in the spirit and ask the Lord, "Show me more.
What's going to cause this?
Why would the sun start acting weird?
Why would we have the sun look dimmer?
I don't know.
Is it from all the stuff they're releasing in the chemtrails and all the stuff they're releasing?
Is it some kind of warfare?
I told you that they were weather manipulation.
" But we hear NASA talking about Earth is getting darker.
NASA warns.
And I thought, but to what extent will it?
Because I've seen it become really, really, really strange that it looks like twilight.
That it will look like twilight.
Like whenever you're in an eclipse and it's kind of a haze, that's the way the sun will start to look soon.
And I thought, "Excuse me, what caused that?
" I said, "Lord, what causes that?
" Remember in the Welsh revival, if you go back and you study the Welsh revival, the miners had to retrain the mules because the mules only knew how to do commands by cussing.
And whenever the great Welsh revival, the Holy Ghost and fire showed up in the Welsh revival, and there came such a mighty repentance in that area that people didn't cuss and act out anymore.
And so when they were in the bars, the bars closed down.
The miners couldn't get the mules to operate right because they didn't know how to do anything because they were only used to somebody cussing at them.
So they had to retrain the mules.
So what I'm trying to tell you is, as I even saw the porn industry being challenged in Hollywood because the Holy Ghost and fire is going to show up in those areas and you're going to see people that were in that kind of industry get radically born again and they won't have nobody.
You say, "Oh, that can't happen.
" But you don't know my God.
You don't know my God.
If God can do it once with the miners up there, and shut down the whole industry in the Welsh revival, how much more will he do it today?
How much more will he visit your nation today?
He's no respecter of persons, but he is a respecter of faith.
How much will you believe him for the impossible today?
How much will you believe him that God is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think?
If God would move once, he will do it again.
It's time to believe him for bigger.
As we see all these things on the news, you believe God for protection for your kids as they go to these college football games and high school football games.
And you grandmas and grandpas and grannies and your mamas and daddies go around praying and pleading the blood of Jesus over your areas that stuff like this doesn't happen again in Alabama.
I saw a mass plan.
I saw a mass plan from a man named George.
And the devil himself visited a man named George.
And because he visited this man, their plan was to create chaos in America.
And George brought his other minions and the financial backing from these minions with a plan to kill, steal, and destroy.
I saw a man.
I don't use his last name because it's not necessary.
Don't want to be called that I'm defaming anybody, but I can use a first name because nobody knows, and you don't know who George is, right?
Just George.
So, we pray for these people because they don't know what they do.
They're full of the devil and they need a radical visitation from Jesus.
Wouldn't it be amazing if George got born again?
Wouldn't that be amazing?
Or a man named Bill gets really born again.
And he all of a sudden gets really radically saved.
Bill gets really radically saved because it wouldn't take much.
One moment with Jesus, one visitation from our Father can change any hardened heart.
It doesn't matter how dark you are.
One visitation from Jesus can change even the darkest terrorist who wants to create jihad in this nation in the days ahead.
"The eagle," they say.
I'm hearing a lot in the spirit realm.
I've never heard chatter—I want you to really hear me right now, I want you to really take what I'm saying seriously—I have never heard chatter in the spirit realm as I'm praying with my spiritual antenna up as a watchman like I have this last week.
Never.
And I have been doing this a long time.
I could write pages of notes of warnings inside of warning things that I can't put on the internet anymore.
I want my channel to stay up for you.
Do you understand?
The louder it gets and the more attention my channel gets, the more other people are watching.
And I can be bold to an extent, but I'm on their platform.
This is not mine; I'm borrowing it.
I'm thankful that they allow me to come on here and speak, but I'm in their house talking on their channel.
And Diana and I talked about, "So what happens if they unplug it?
" Well, I'll go to Facebook Live.
How long will that last?
I don't know.
Facebook's probably more liberal than even Google.
But you can say so much on these platforms whenever your channel gets this size.
Smaller channels don't get as much traffic; they don't seem to be paying attention.
But the larger you get and the more you talk on a live like this, you don't say certain things.
And I know I say a lot, so I'm thankful that I'm still here, you know, when you have the audience and the Lord's bringing it.
So, glory to God.
It doesn't matter.
Let's just keep praying and pleading the blood of Jesus, and He'll keep us on.
So, we warn you of what's coming.
So, did that bless you tonight?
It probably didn't bless you, but at least it gives you something to pray over.
You want to take communion with me?
You can take it with me.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body.
Before we dip in the river, we always praise you and give you glory for all that you've done.
For we know that it's not about us; it's all about you.
We know that we're just a vessel, that you could use anybody.
We know, Father, that no matter how dark it is out there and you feel the devil trying to nip at your feet, you say, "Oh, you're under my feet.
I'm not afraid of you.
I have power and authority over you.
" I thank you, Father, that even the maneuvering of the devils behind people to try to inflict any weirdness—I'll just say it like that, Father—has no ability to hurt my family in any way.
I thank you, Father, that we're always in that shelter of the Most High.
As I keep reading Psalm 91, I thank you.
A thousand may fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand, but it shall not come nigh you.
Only a spectator shall you be, yourself inaccessible.
You like that?
That's one of my favorites.
Yourself inaccessible in the secret place of the Most High.
I'm inaccessible.
My wife, my children are inaccessible.
You are inaccessible.
Do you like that?
I love that.
Only a spectator.
We can only see what's going on.
"Shall you be yourself inaccessible in the secret place of the Most High as you witness the reward of the wicked.
" So, we're inaccessible, but we're watching because we're watchmen.
We're praying because you have made the Lord your refuge and the Most High your dwelling place.
See, you have made Him.
I meditate on that.
Because you have made the Lord your refuge.
What is a refuge?
I run to Him.
He's my protector.
He's got me.
He's the Most High, your dwelling place.
I dwell there.
I sit at His feet.
He is my Lord.
He is my shepherd; I shall not want.
There shall no evil befall you, nor any plague or calamity come near your tent.
So no viruses that I've seen coming, no plagues, no pestilences are going to come near my tent.
For he will give his angels a special charge over you to accompany and defend and preserve you in all your ways, in all your ways of obedience and service.
They shall bear you up in their hands, lest you dash your foot against a stone.
Thank you, Lord.
You shall tread upon the lion and the young lion and the serpent.
Shall you trample underfoot?
I'm not worried about all that stuff, right?
So that's why I just keep meditating on that.
But I said I'm inaccessible.
Angel's aid and assistance is over you and your household today.
You're inaccessible.
You're inaccessible from any kind of mass shootings, from any kind of bomb plot, any kind of railroad, any kind of subway, any kind of bus, any kind of mass transit, any kind of whatever—plane, train, automobiles, I don't care what it is, you are inaccessible in the secret place of the Most High.
I believe that I receive divine protection over me and my wife and my kids.
You have to say that over your household.
I agree with you.
But you ultimately, you have to say out of your mouth this word and you got to believe it in your heart.
It cannot just be words that you echo.
I have seen in the natural very dark days.
But I believe that we arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you and me.
You believe that?
It's time for the body of Christ to arise and shine.
For the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.
You better believe it.
You better have a revelation of that inside of your heart that he said he will cover you with his pinions, and under his wings shall you trust and find refuge.
His truth, his faithfulness are a shield and a buckler.
His truth and his faithfulness.
My God is faithful to me.
My God is faithful to you.
He is faithful.
His truth and his faithfulness are a shield and a buckler.
He is faithful to me.
I meditate on his faithfulness.
Oh, no slanderous words, no false accusations come nigh me.
Do you understand?
No matter what they say, I'm not moved by it.
Oh, he will deliver you from the snare of the fowler and from the deadly pestilence.
I will say of the Lord, 'He is my refuge and my fortress, my God, in whom I lean and rely, and in him I confidently trust.
' Woo!
I confidently trust you.
I confidently trust you, Father, that you will protect my family from all this garbage that we've seen.
That you, Father, will protect my family from all this garbage I have seen.
I refuse to fear no matter what I see.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
But thank you, Holy Spirit, that you show me that which is to come, then we're not caught off guard.
For nothing happens in this earth before he reveals it to the prophetic voices first.
He warns us of that which is to come.
But he gave us a secret weapon.
You know what the secret weapon is?
Communion.
This is my secret weapon.
I believe there's power in the blood of Jesus.
I believe there's power in the blood of Jesus, and this represents the blood.
This represents the body.
And he was wounded for my transgressions.
He was bruised for my iniquities.
The chastisement of my peace was upon him, and with his stripes I am healed.
Help me, Father.
I believe, Lord, help my unbelief.
Even whenever I'm coughing, it's not God, it's me.
I believe, Lord, help my unbelief there.
I don't want any unbelief inside of me.
Create in me a clean heart before you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you've purged all the trash out of my life.
Even the things that I don't know that are grotesque to you, Father, whatever it may be, Lord, whatever it may be that grieves the Holy Spirit, I grieve not the Spirit of God.
Lord, whatever it may be, if my tongue may say something or I may think something, who knows?
The Bible says to take captive your thoughts and bring them underneath the word.
Take captive.
Don't let your mind just run rampant.
I went over and the Lord said, 'I want you to go over all the things the devil has lied and you've believed.
Make a list of all the lies and remind him, say, "I don't believe these lies.
"' Do you understand?
Because he'll come and he'll say, 'Oh, this is going to come, this and this,' and you meditate on it, and your mind will start running rampant, your imagination will take a hold of it.
And I went over all the things since I've been a young adult, all the things that he lied.
I said, 'Look, this is a lie, this is a lie, this is a lie.
What did God say in his word?
' I said, 'Look,' and I looked at every single thing and what I felt, because you'll feel that—is that the Spirit of the Lord warning you?
It's the forebodings.
You go and they say, 'Oh, I got to pray over that.
' Because he comes as an angel of light to try to deceive you, to get you to get in fear over your life circumstances.
'Well, Johnny's going to go to the football game and he won't make it home tonight.
You better keep him home.
' Is that you, Holy Spirit, or is that torment?
Because you can live so much in that, that you live in this bubble.
'Oh no, we can't go to the football game.
Oh no, we can't.
' And then you watch the news later and nothing happened at the football game.
So you've got to not be led by fear and emotions, because stuff like this is what I'm warning you about.
It's for you to pray a hedge of protection around you and your family.
So I'm not trying to scare you.
I have to address that.
So many people say, 'Well, what do we do?
We don't do nothing.
We can't live a life anymore.
' No, that's what the devil wants you to do.
I'm warning you to pray and take your authority.
So many people say, 'Well, I'm scared to even go to church now.
All the stuff you say, Brandon, that's what I'm saying.
Do you ever say anything nice?
' is what I get attacked with.
And I'm trying to tell you all, I'm not trying to bring fear to you.
I'm trying to tell you to use your word.
And if you do hear something inside of you, the Holy Spirit, if you have that check, you hear that Holy Spirit check, don't do it.
That's why you've got to become more familiar with his voice than the fear.
Because I go over it and I remember all fear's greatest hits.
What did he say today?
'Well, you better not go to church.
' You know how many times, fear's greatest hits.
So I make a list.
Every one of those feelings was a lie.
That's not the Lord telling me that.
That's the devil trying to cause fear and confusion in your life.
Do you see what I'm trying to tell you?
You've got to learn to discern the spirit and what you're hearing.
And this is what I've done over the course of the year.
And the Lord told me, 'Make a list.
Remember all those things when it comes to your health and you had a symptom maybe, and you're walking down there and you go, "Oh, I had that pain.
That must be something really bad.
" And you got that in your mind.
"Oh, it must be," and you go to the doctor.
Doctor says there ain't nothing wrong with you.
In fact, you're the healthiest guy I've ever seen in my life.
' But I had a symptom.
Do you get my point?
That you can imagine the thought—the bird comes and puts it in your head, and you can run wild with your imagination with it because of a symptom and you just...
And then the worst thing is googling symptoms.
'Oh, I'm going to Google,' and you got a rap sheet of everything Google's trying to tell you, and you've diagnosed yourself with some incurable disease that you're going to die from within the next couple of weeks, and you don't even have it because you allow Google and your mind to go nuts with it, and you're googling everything, and you got a rap sheet of all this Google.
It's the worst thing you can do.
I'm trying to tell you personally out of experience, embarrassingly.
And you got this, and then you go to the doctor and you say, 'Well, I had all this going, look at my Google list.
' He'll go, 'Stop googling stuff.
' I'm just being real because it happens to even the best of us.
But you've got to learn to cast down every high imagination that exalts itself above the word of God.
And when you hear this, and you know by visions of what the Lord's warning to pray over college games, to pray over the nation, to pray over our president, you learn to know his voice, and a stranger's voice you will not follow.
But the devil will come as an angel of light to try to trip you up, to get you to walk in fear.
And fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
The more you let fear dominate you—perfect love casts out all fear.
Well, I got to move.
I got to get out of here.
Do only what he tells you to do.
Just like Mary told the people at the wedding feast.
She said, 'Do what he tells you to do.
Fill those pots up full of water.
The master is about to do something miraculous.
Do what he tells you to do.
' So they filled them up, and the water turned to wine.
Do only what he tells you to do.
I will not hear a demonic spirit tormenting me in fear in the middle of the night.
I only hear what the Father tells me to say.
Does that make sense, what I'm trying to tell y'all?
I'm trying to help you.
I hope this is helping because I'm telling you, your imagination will run wild because he comes to deliver those seeds of fear.
And you've got to discern how to pray into this as you are becoming mature adults, Christians.
And I'm talking to the babies in the mid-grade.
Maybe you're in middle school or something.
And if you come on here and you're hearing what I'm telling you, fear can, if you don't have yourself rooted and grounded in love and have the foundation of the word, fear will dominate you to the point where you can't live a normal life by even what I'm saying.
And I would say maybe this channel is not for you until you get a little bit more meat in you.
If you're just on porridge there, don't allow me coming on here and telling you what I'm seeing about Canada and all these things to make you say, 'Oh God, Oh God, I can't live a normal life anymore.
' He said, 'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
' And I want you to walk in joy and in love and have peace.
If you don't have peace, run from it.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you.
If what I'm telling you as—I'm trying to talk to the mature ones that know how to pray into something by a warning by the spirit of God, versus, 'You're bringing fear to my heart and I can't live a normal life anymore.
I'm so scared to even go to the grocery store because I get the emails.
' And I go, 'That's not what I'm trying to do.
Oh God, I can't listen to you anymore, Brandon.
' That's probably best.
That's probably best.
I want you to be happy and leave that up to us.
We'll pray with the people who understand what I'm trying to say and warn you of how to pray, warning you of that which is to come, versus the people that take it and then run and call all the people on your prayer chain, and all you talk about is fear, and you call the FBI or the CIA, and you call Brandon saying, 'This really freaked me out.
Oh my God, you got to call and listen to his channel because I'm just so scared.
' And I go, 'No, no, no, no, no.
Come on, sister clipboard.
You got to put it down.
I'm not trying to scare you.
I'm trying to prepare you.
' And for the ones who are warriors and know how to pray over what I'm warning them—and that's who I'm used to talking to in my private circle, people who know who they are and have a backbone and understand Ephesians.
So I have to address that this is not a call to fear.
This is a call to prayer.
And I'm trying to tell you what I deal with privately.
He tried to come, 'Oh, you got this going on.
' And so you need to learn the difference between a warning and torment.
Do not walk in torment.
Do not allow the enemy to come in and bring fear in your heart so that you're not able to live a normal life.
But you do take the prayer call seriously and use your authority and back it with the word like I just tried to show you how I do it.
I read these and I meditate on it.
This is what he says about me.
What I'm seeing in the spirit doesn't have nothing to do with me because why?
This right here, Psalms 91, this beautiful Bible is what's my guideline.
And this is what I stand on, even with all the things that I see.
And I have to put the fear in check, too, and say no because I've seen some dandies here lately.
And I've been like, 'Oh goodness.
' So you go, 'Why do you do that?
' I refuse to fear.
Why?
Because I have authority and he's given Psalms 91 to keep charge over me.
So everybody say, 'Brandon, your prophetic channel's full of fear.
' No, it's not.
It's full of hope.
I'm trying to tell you, you have power and authority to stop this stuff.
And some of it we won't because it's end-time events.
But nothing shall come nigh you.
Remember, he will give his angels a special charge over you to accompany and defend and preserve you in all your ways of obedience and service.
In all your ways of obedience and service.
So that means you're obedient to him and you're in service to him, and your angels are going to watch over you.
You're doing what he's told.
Whatever he tells you to do, do it.
So he said he protects, right?
So we don't have to be afraid of nothing.
Why?
Because he will give his angels and they shall bear you up in their hands, lest you dash your foot against a stone.
You shall tread—means you're walking on it—you shall tread upon the lion and the adder and the young lion and the serpent shall you trample underfoot.
That means they aren't biting you.
You got a lion after you, you got a young lion.
He's hungry because the big lion's got all the food.
So the young lion's really aggressive because he's like, 'I got to eat.
' So the young lion is trying to get you.
And guess what?
You're trampling them under your foot.
Why the young lion?
Do you understand?
So that's why I'm trying to tell you, if this channel's scaring you and you're hearing this and you're not taking what I'm telling you to God in prayer, do not watch this channel anymore.
Preserve your heart.
Leave it to the people who have a backbone a little bit.
I'm not trying to say you don't.
You just don't understand it.
Rewind it.
I'm not trying to say you don't have it.
You just haven't been developed in this yet.
This is a mature prayer channel.
Does that make sense?
This isn't your preschool prayer channel.
This is your college degree prayer channel, warning you how to pray as an adult prayer warrior.
I'm not talking to the babies.
If you cannot handle it, please don't send me emails warning me that you're scared, that I'm scaring you.
I'm trying to tell you, please don't watch anymore.
I don't want to cause fear in your heart.
It really bothers me when you tell me that you can't live a normal life anymore.
Please don't watch this anymore.
This isn't for you.
But I am talking to the mature ones.
You must pray with me or we won't make it through this.
Do you understand what I'm telling you adults?
This is very serious, what I see coming.
But for the babies, go out and play in the flowers.
It's okay.
We've got this.
Us mature ones got this.
And we don't freak out because we know what God said.
This is what our—this is our little guideline.
This is what we stand on.
Psalms 91, Psalms 23 is all.
If you didn't have anything else, you've got everything right there.
So, I had to say all that tonight.
So, we love you.
But it's just a little bit of help to boost you up a little bit and say, 'Hey, you' with all this stuff because I know what I tell you is heavy.
This is a heavy channel.
Like I said, this is a meat channel.
There's some other channels out there that give you some sugar, and maybe you need some.
So, go watch the sugar.
Okay, so there you go.
I'm not trying to lose subscribers, but I've just got to be real.
It is what it is.
So what do we do?
We run to the Word.
'The name of the Lord is a strong tower; the righteous run into it and they are safe.
' Thank you.
' Meditate on it.
Let that become real to you.
Let it become real to you.
There are other ones I just love.
Are you getting something out of this tonight?
Say in the comment section, 'I hope this is helping you,' because somebody's got to tell you the truth.
You aren't getting it at church, I can assure you of that.
I've been to them.
You sit there and go, 'I just wasted an hour of my day.
What was that?
' Seriously, I would have been better off to watch a Kathryn Kuhlman video.
You know what I'm saying?
Find meat.
You must learn to stand.
Look in Ephesians.
Read Ephesians 6.
Read Ephesians just like Sister Billie always talks about.
Get her little prayer book—her little prayer book about your authority as a believer—and read Sister Billye Brim's prayer book on the authority of the believer, and take your seat and your rightful place, seated with Him in the heavenlies.
And you say, 'Satan, you will not touch Braden, Megan, Paisley, Diana, or me in any way with any kind of slander, any kind of calamity, any sickness, or any disease.
I bind you, and I render you completely helpless concerning me and my family.
You will not touch our finances.
You will not touch our name.
You will not touch anything that we have that has to do with our ministry, or us, or our health, or our minds, or anything.
You will not touch us.
We bind you and we render you completely helpless concerning us.
You will not touch my family.
We have authority over you, and we are seated with Him in the heavenlies.
He has given me this authority.
' And we take this communion today, and we remind you, Satan, that you are not able to touch us in any way—that's in any area of our life: physically, mentally, emotionally, financially.
We are covered by the blood of Jesus.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper, and we're healed by Your stripes in Jesus' name.
Just like that, you take it.
We do it all the time here at this house.
And we remind him, when we hear the lion roar, he's just a toothless lion.
He has no power and authority over you.
The Bible says he'll roar, but a roaring lion doesn't have any authority.
He's just roaring.
It's the one with teeth that hurts.
He can't bite you.
Why?
Because we're underneath that shelter.
I apply the blood, and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us today.
We are believing believers, not doubters, and we are overcomers by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
Jesus delivered me and He set me free, and He forgave me of all my past sins.
He has washed me in His precious blood.
He has forgiven me of all of my iniquities—all of it.
He has washed me.
Jesus Christ paid the price for me to walk in victory with His precious blood.
And I thank You, Lord, that there's power, power, oh wonder-working power in the blood of the Lamb.
Oh, there is power, power, oh wonder-working power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
There is power, power, oh wonder-working power in the blood of the Lamb.
There is power, power, oh wonder-working power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
Do you believe that?
I take the blood and I apply the blood, and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And we thank You, Lord, that You've forgiven us of our sins.
Thank You, Lord, that it's no longer—You don't even remember it.
It's as far as the east is from the west.
And Father, we apply the blood over our household.
We put angels—Father, put angels all around us with their swords and shields drawn against every plot, every plan, and every pursuit of the wicked to try to hurt us or harm us in any way.
I thank You, Father, that the angels are watching over us.
The...
what is it?
Not the transparent...
the invisible, the non-transparent angels are watching over us.
Corrie ten Boom, I believe is who it was, the lady that survived the Holocaust, she would say, 'The non-transparent angels were watching over me,' because she would have a Bible in the back of her...
she would hide a Bible and the Nazis could not get her to kill her, because when they would search the people, they would bypass her every single time because she would ask for the non-transparent angels to watch over her.
Corrie ten Boom is what I believe her name was.
And she was a woman that went through the Holocaust the whole time, and she had her Bible and she would read her Word, and the Lord protected her the whole time she went through that, so the Nazis would never see her.
The angels of the Lord would watch over her.
So, I believe those angels are experienced angels, the same angel that got Peter out of prison.
The same angels—they're experienced.
They know what they're doing.
Billy Burke always talks about those angels.
They're experienced.
They've been there, they've done it.
If Corrie ten Boom's angels can give protection that the Nazis can't see, call them again—non-transparent, non-transparent.
Corrie ten Boom.
Yeah, I said it right.
Corrie—did I say it not?
You said Rachel Tim.
Okay, Corrie ten Boom.
Thank you, Corrie ten Boom.
I was thinking about Rachel Teafatiller—another prayer warrior—but Corrie ten Boom.
So, if you've got the non-transparent angels that protected Corrie ten Boom, they are able to protect you.
The Nazis weren't able to touch her.
So in our day and age, I believe the same protection that was on Corrie ten Boom is going to protect you.
And if they couldn't see her, they can't see me.
No matter if it's on the internet or not, they can't find me, they can't see me, because my non-transparent angels are watching over me.
You say, 'Well, I don't believe that.
' Well, they protected her, and God's no respecter of persons.
What He did for her—and they didn't get the Bible and hurt her and kill her and do all the things they could have done to her for having a Bible and doing all that—they weren't able to touch her.
You've got to believe in something bigger than yourself.
Jesus Christ is your protector.
And as we take this blood, it represents something.
It's not just juice; it's a covenant.
And what He'll do for one, He'll do for you.
And He said He would never let the enemy touch you, harm you, or hurt you.
Right.
Psalm 91.
I believe, Father, that the blood covers me and my wife and my children tonight.
And we thank You, Lord, that though we walk through the valley of the shadow of death, we will fear no evil.
Psalm 23.
For Your rod and Your staff, they comfort me.
We take the blood in Jesus' name.
So that's what you do.
You get it?
I hope I'm helping you, trying to grow up the ones...
Like I said, we love you.
We don't want to cause any fear in your heart, but I have to be real with you and tell you what's coming.
So like I said, maybe it's not for you.
I took how long to do that?
An hour and 16.
Oh no.
Good Lord, Brandon.
You can be shorter-winded.
You took an hour and 16 minutes of these people's time.
I'm just very thorough.
I'm very thorough.
I'm not apologizing, but I'm telling you, I'm very thorough.
I'm going to go over it.
And you say, 'Well, you could have said that in 15 minutes.
' Well, you know, whatever.
Fast-forward it, put it in...
what do you call it?
Fast-forward motion.
Yeah, double speed.
Double speed.
Watch Brandon in double speed.
But the first part was the little videos, you know, so I can't sit there and say it was all me rambling.
But I hear by the Spirit of God to tell you what I tell you, so you either like it or don't.
How many here tonight, Breanna?
5,300.
5,300 of you.
Let's go tubing, so tell me when 30 minutes.
Okay, for the move.
Do you feel the atmosphere just shifted?
You feel it?
We're about to hit a wave, and you can feel it instantaneously.
It's authoritative.
You harassing devil from hell, you cease and desist in your maneuvering against us in the name of Jesus.
We bind your maneuvering, and we render you completely helpless by the power of the blood of Jesus.
You cease and desist in your maneuvering.
You've been harassing, and cease and desist in your maneuvering against us in the name of Jesus.
We bind you and render you completely helpless by the power of the blood of Jesus.
No more.
We address the spirit of fear and we say, "Fear, you bow your knee in the name of Jesus.
" I adjure you by the blood of the Lamb.
Fear, bow your knee.
We will not be afraid of the terror of the night, nor for the arrow that flieth by day.
We will not be afraid.
It is written, "Perfect love casteth out all fear, for fear has torment, and he that feareth is not made perfect in love.
" And we are made perfect in your love.
Today it is written, "My Father loves me with an everlasting love, an undying love.
" It is written, "The name that is above every name, at that name every knee shall bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
" And if you protected the children of Israel all that time in the desert, how much more will you do it for us with a new covenant?
How much more will you do it for us, Lord, with a new covenant with your Son's precious blood?
If you provided for the children of Israel, Lord, and their shoes didn't get old, and their robes and their sandals, and they never had any feeble among them, how much more, Lord, will you protect us?
With a cloud by day and a fire by night, the serpents, even in the desert, did not bite them.
No weapon that was formed against them would prosper.
It was their job to take the land.
But they said, "We're the size of grasshoppers," and we will not stand idly by and say, "We're just the size of grasshoppers.
" We take our dominion and our authority as believers and tell you, Satan, you're under our feet.
You will not touch us, hinder us, harm us, or harass us in any way.
We cover our families.
We cover our churches.
We cover our schools.
We cover our local government in the name of Jesus with the blood.
And we will have revival in this nation once again.
And Father, you commissioned us in your word to pray over our leaders.
And we pray over our President Trump, and we lift him up before you, Father.
You said in your word, Lord, that the heart of the king is in the hand of the Lord.
And we believe, Father, that the heart of the king, the heart of President Trump, is in the hand of the Lord.
And we thank you for this great nation, God, that he would have great boldness and he would take no counsel from the ungodly.
That he would hear your voice, Father, concerning what to do for this great nation to lead us.
The same with Israel, the same with all the other nations that are represented here.
We call a great repentance even over Mark Carney and over Canada and over the Mexican prime minister, and over Africa and all over—there's too many nations to even represent and take all night—but over the continent of Africa, all over Africa, all over Asia, all over Europe, and over South America, and over Australia, and over all these areas.
Father, we are calling forth revival, that you would visit our government officials and over our nation in the name of Jesus for a supernatural cleansing flood.
For a great move of the Spirit of God we will see upon this nation from sea to shining sea all the way around.
Father, we believe for a major move and a great harvest of souls that this world has never seen before, unlike anything we've ever seen before.
And we believe, Father, that we would rise up with a backbone like a crowbar and say, "Satan, you will not touch our college campuses.
" That we'll have revival, that we will have revival again in America in our college campuses from Harvard to Princeton to Yale to USC to OU to Florida to all over.
We call for a major revival over even Portland, the Ducks, for a revival over Texas Longhorns, for revival over Arkansas State.
We believe for Tennessee to have a major revival.
We're believing, Father, that all our college campuses all around in America will have a major move of God.
We thank you, Lord, even over OU.
We believe, Father, that even OU will have a major move.
Thank you, Father, that judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
And that, Father, you stir in our ministers from the Joel Osteens to the Steven Furticks, Father, all across this land, we call for a major revival within them.
That the ego and resume—how many people we talked to—from the Craig Groeschels to all of them, we call a major revival of repentance in our nation again, Father, that they would be in a revival of repentance again.
And Father, they would come to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
That you would stir inside of their hearts tonight, oh God.
Father, that they would preach righteousness and truth.
They would preach repentance.
They would preach holiness.
They would preach healing and deliverance.
And they would tell the people that Jesus came to set them free—from Joseph Prince to, I don't know, in Asia, there's any more, I think of the people that are represented, Father, that they would preach repentance and to turn away from, not sloppy grace that you can live how you want to live and everything's going to be okay.
No, to walk like Jesus and to turn away from their sins.
To repent of who they used to be and to turn away from it.
To not be lukewarm.
To be filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost in these last days, to be the salt, to be the light, that Father, the people would see us and they'd say, "There's something different about you," and we say, "It's Jesus, it's the Holy Spirit.
" Thank you, Father, for the Holy Spirit and your truth is marching on now.
Father, as far as the seventh, tomorrow, this day of this anniversary of the things that I see, I'm just going to pray in the spirit concerning the seventh and concerning New York tomorrow, okay?
I'm not going to speak anything out in English.
It's not wise.
But I'm going to pray in the spirit and the Lord knows.
And we're going to pray over tomorrow as they wake up and they have protests, do these things that tomorrow we pray covering over your area where you are, okay?
Maybe Miyamoto said, "Don't yell at it, just attack it like this softly.
" He said, "Don't need to strain your voice.
" "Strain your voice, Brendon, and make it hoarse again.
" Talk softly.
Right now, I'm having a vision of Nigeria and the persecution that is going on there concerning the Christians.
This is much worse than what is being said on the media.
That's what I hear of the spirit of the Lord.
He said these men are killing women and children, they're killing—this is very terrible.
And the Lord said, "Stand, pray in the spirit for them.
" Let's just pray for the people, the persecution, that they'll have non-transparent angels to protect them, just like the Holocaust and what went on for these believers that are being persecuted in Nigeria and these areas around Africa.
Our brothers and sisters are being decapitated, and the Lord said, "Pray for them right now.
" I'm seeing this.
So, we send the non-transparent angels, the ones that protected Corrie ten Boom.
Corrie ten Boom.
Thank you.
They're the same ones that protected Corrie ten Boom.
Father, you'll protect the people of Africa.
You'll protect the people of Asia.
You'll protect the people that are being persecuted for your name's sake.
You said we'd be persecuted for your name's sake, but these people are being tortured and dragged down the street, and this is bad.
So, Father, we just lift them up before you.
And I pray in the tongue—nontransparent angels.
We send the angels of the Lord to camp around and about their villages, the places of worship.
We cover their churches.
We cover them in the name of Jesus that this persecution and this genocide would stop now in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord.
There's a hedge, like you said, there would be a hedge of thorns that the unclean hand would not touch them.
Like you said in Hosea, there will be a hedge of thorns.
There'll be a hedge of thorns and the unclean hand will not touch them.
We believe, Father.
We believe there's protection over those children and over the women, over the men.
A great revival is coming.
I see a revival.
I see the light shining on the people.
The enemy has tried to silence the church, but a great revival is coming, and the very hedge of thorns that is around them will protect them.
They will have angelic aid and assistance around and about their villages, around and about their cities, around and about these areas.
So it's Hosea 2:6.
Help is on the way.
Angels' aid and assistance.
Now the Lord took me from there automatically to Canada.
And I see, when it seems to look like it's at its darkest, the light.
I see a church, the giant of the church rising up in Canada.
I see the giant rising up in Canada.
There are more that are with you than there are with them.
You're going to start to see signs and wonders like you wouldn't believe.
As the persecution comes, I see you will walk in divine healings and divine manifestations of the glory like you've never seen before.
I'm seeing people rise up in Canada, seemingly out of nowhere, that will walk in signs and wonders like the disciples.
The persecution will continue and it will grow, but it will bring a great awakening and a revival upon your shores from sea to sea.
You will have a major revival in Canada.
You will see it from sea to sea.
It will come out of persecution.
I see this.
But people will rise up.
People will rise up and they will be the great voices that they need to be in this hour.
You won't need social media.
They'll report you because of the miracles that you're walking in.
They'll be like, 'We turned off their account.
They can't have...
' No, we're talking bystanders will start to film you and they'll start spreading it.
You won't be able to dampen or suppress what's about to happen in the church in Canada.
No matter how hard they try, no matter how hard they try to silence you, the glory of the Lord is going to rise within you.
And you will bring that glorious gospel from sea to sea.
And the glorious gospel will be preached, and healings and demonstrations will happen in Toronto, will happen in British Columbia.
It will happen.
You're going to see the greatest move of God as you rise up.
And they'll try to silence and silence, but they cannot silence what's about to happen.
I see—this is what's interesting—I see a devil that looks...
Okay, it's behind Mark and it looks like a scaled amphibian, a reptilian.
What in the world is that?
I see a reptilian spirit behind Mark.
And this is influenced through the royals.
I see a reptilian.
I hear the word 'a reptilian.
' And it has a, like a rising of the sun.
This is what it has: golden all around it with golden eyes that look like fire.
It presents itself as an angel of light.
This spirit, this is a reptilian.
What in the world, Lord?
That looks like scaled skin.
Lord, who are you saying is reptilian like that?
Lord, what is that?
Should I say anything else out of my mouth, Father?
What is that?
I see something about the royals.
Oh my goodness, Father.
There's something so dark there.
It's a bloodline.
It's a bloodline thing.
It's a bloodline, generational, and it's attached to the Antichrist.
It's the same thing that's attached to the royals and the Antichrist.
It's a different bloodline.
Oh, I hear it.
I see it so clear.
There's a different bloodline over here, and there's different DNA of this, like, reptilian thing.
There's a bloodline over here with this and there's a bloodline over here, but it's reptilian.
The Lord said there's more than one.
There's more than two.
I see into it.
And this is like the Nephilim—you know what I'm talking about, the fallen angel stuff.
It stems from this.
It's an intermingling.
And it's ancient bloodlines.
They go back thousands of years.
Lord, that is very demonic.
He said they never left.
They never left.
I heard the Spirit of the Lord say they were underground.
I see caves.
I see underground.
They preserve themselves.
What is that?
I see caves.
They're underground people, like a colony, like...
Lord, I plead the blood over what I'm seeing.
I plead the blood of Jesus over what I am seeing.
I cover my eyes and I will not be led by any demonic spirit right now in Jesus' name.
This is way out there.
I plead the blood over me in Jesus' name.
I cover it.
No, it's still there.
I still see it.
The Lord's taking a different direction now.
I feel a push over here.
He said, 'Go back to Canada.
' He said, 'Don't...
' because when I'm trying to pause the vision, I'm trying to look into all this and I can see it so clear, and I see clear into Saudi Arabia.
It's clear into the royals in Saudi Arabia, but it's different bloodlines.
And it goes into Asia, Asian bloodlines of reptilian.
It's not just one; they're different.
They're like—you'd say there's different races of humans—this is different races of reptilian, different extensions.
But they're all part of the Nephilim.
It's all part of the ancients, but it's not all...
I don't know how to say that and it sounds so weird.
So I'm not...
It's Chinese, the Asian royals, Saudi Arabia royals, and European royals.
Okay, three types of royals are what I just saw, intermingling.
I hear that word, 'intermingling.
' And He said it even goes down to the Aztecs and to the Spanish into that area.
Do you understand what I'm telling you?
The ancient Aztecs and the Mayans.
It's into this.
There's a lineage of the royals in South America and Mexico.
There's fallen angel stuff there.
He said, 'Notice the graffiti on the walls.
' That's what the Lord says.
'Notice, these are telltale signs.
This is coming back.
It's part of the end times.
' I'm warning you of something that's about to take place with fallen angel stuff.
As the days of Noah, so will it be.
There's more to this scripture than you see.
That's what the Holy Spirit just said.
'Great deception, you will see.
' Way into the sacrifices of humans, things in the Aztecs and the Mayans.
Great witchcraft.
This is all around those pyramids.
He said, 'What?
' Look at the walls.
The Lord keeps saying, "Look at the walls.
" They were telling you, "Look at the walls.
Artifacts.
Ancient artifacts.
" The way they look like hybrid humans.
Do you understand what I'm trying to see?
It's in European mythology.
It goes into Saudi Arabia, the Egyptians, hieroglyphics, but it's Saudi Arabia.
You understand?
I see the Saudis, the royals, and it goes into Asia.
It goes into South America and there's lineages.
This is way out there today.
I never expected this, but it's live and the Lord allows me to see it live.
I'll talk about it if there's any more.
If I see it off camera, I will not talk about it.
But he's talking about the ancient writings.
And what he's saying is, "I'm warning you of a great deception that is going to be upon you.
You must know of a great deception of fallen angels.
" This is as in the days of Noah, giants were upon the land.
And what you're about to see is a hybrid of great, fearful sight.
You will see great deception in your land, the great fallen ones, the fallen ones, the fallen ones.
And he said, "Even with their Native American culture, Native American in Central America, look at the ancients.
" That's what the spirit of the Lord said, "Look at the underground people.
They're preserved.
Things are about to really radically change.
" You say, "Well, this is way out there.
" Yeah, it is.
I'm not going to kid you.
What I'm seeing is way out there.
But they look like scaled people that look like the city of Atlantis, the mystery city, the city of Atlantis.
Water.
Oh man, how could this be, Lord, all that you're showing me?
And I hear ant people.
I don't know y'all, I just plead the blood over my ears.
I plead the blood over what I'm hearing tonight.
And it extends even into Africa.
This stems even into Africa.
This is like these fallen angels, this fallen hybrid stuff.
Great deceptions you're going to see, ladies and gentlemen, as in the days of Noah.
He said there's more wrapped into this verse than what you realize when the Lord warned us in Matthew 24 and he warned us about what was coming.
When the disciples said, "Lord, tell us the signs of your coming.
Tell us what we will see.
" Jesus tried to warn us.
Men's hearts will fail them for fear, looking after those things that are coming on the earth.
You will see wars and rumors of wars, plagues and pestilence.
You will see all these things.
But this is not the end.
This is the beginning of sorrows.
Thank you, sir.
Glory to God.
I don't really know what to do with what I've been shown tonight so far, y'all.
I really don't know what to do with that.
I have to pray into this more when I get off.
Here I am.
What I see is very dark.
I see human sacrifice.
I see things that are very, very nasty that are dealing with the Mayans and all down there, and it transfers and goes all into so much human sacrifice, so much darkness all upon these areas.
But it has to do with the verse when Jesus said, "As in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
" He said, "There's more to this scripture.
" There's great deception.
And this goes clear into the Aborigines.
They're just highlighted before me.
I'll show you the Aborigines, Aboriginal, that there's more to this tribal.
There's darkness.
If you look at what they said, that the humans didn't look like humans on the walls, it looks like a crossbreed like, you know, like those centaurs and things, half man, half horse.
But this is not like a centaur.
What I'm seeing is lizard people.
They look like scaly.
I see like scaly, like lizard people, but they're golden.
They're not green.
They look golden, like they have a golden color to them with golden eyes.
This is ancient stuff what I'm talking about.
But it goes into Saudi Arabia and this is all surrounding bringing forth the Mahdi.
Wow, this is deep.
I really truly...
You don't realize who's among you.
The Lord said, "You don't realize.
You don't have a clue.
" Disguised and hidden in plain view.
Disguised in plain view.
You don't realize who's among you.
It's right there, disguised.
That's what I hear the Lord say.
You don't realize who's among you.
Disguised in plain view.
Wow.
But it will all come into...
it's all going to be uncovered.
All this stuff is going to become...
I'm talking there'll be things in the signs of the heavens.
You're going to see false alien invasions in the days ahead.
False alien invasions.
But this is a demonic entity.
You will say, "Oh, it's ET.
" It is not ET.
This is a demonic entity coming to deceive the masses, coming to deceive the masses.
You say, "How can this be?
How would you...?
" I'm telling you only what I hear and what I see.
Know that it's coming.
But it's not for you to be caught off guard and for you to be deceived by any of this.
For if it was even possible, even the elect would be deceived.
So don't be one of the people that are deceived by this stuff.
Oh my goodness.
You know, whenever I see like this, I could pause and be like this for hours.
I usually would take time and just keep praying into it and I keep looking into this because it's very enlightening.
I mean, I don't know how else to say it.
When it's open and I go over to a place like this, I can pause and I can look at things and the Lord allows me to see things.
I know how the Lord does it by the spirit of God, but I'm allowed to see clear back into each lineage.
And I'm pausing and wanting to spend more time on it, but I know I'm on a live stream, and I can look into Africa.
I can see it really clear.
The one that's very fascinating to me is the Asian one.
There's so much to the Asian, the dragons, and then it goes over into Europe and the royals.
This is a different kind of breed.
It looks like almost like you would see...
I'll describe it to you.
Do you remember watching Spider-Man and the alligator man?
He was the lizard man in Spider-Man.
They were trying to say something in that movie.
Now I see this.
The lizard man in Spider-Man looks like this, but it's golden.
Do you see that Spider-Man lizard man right there?
Did Braden post it for you?
This one?
That one right there, son?
Yeah.
You can post the whole picture of the whole body right there.
But that's the way this one looks in Europe, but it's golden skin.
Golden skin like the alligator man in Spider-Man.
You wonder where Hollywood gets this stuff?
They know.
They ain't stupid.
Did you post it?
So that's what the one in Europe looks like, but it's golden skin with golden eyes when I was taken to Europe, and I could see that was what was influencing Canada when we were praying for revival in Canada.
It's influencing that, and that was connected and linked to Europe.
It was linked to Europe, and then it went over, and then I could see Saudi Arabia.
And then it went over, and I could see the ones for America that look like bird people.
That's the only way I can say.
And then ants...
You can take that down off there.
I don't want them to keep looking at that, it's dark.
Just remember, we're in a time like we've never seen before.
We're just about to see things we've never seen before.
Great deception is coming.
Now, I know that sounds probably way out there, what I'm seeing tonight, folks, but I'm just telling you what I see.
But the Lord...
I just heard the Lord say, "You have to ask yourself, what were they seeing?
" Why did they write it on the walls?
Mythology.
What were they writing on the walls?
What were your ancient ancestors trying to tell you, writing things on the walls?
'As in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
' He said to look into that verse; it's deeper.
That one statement is layered.
It's like an onion—that's what the Lord says.
That one statement that Jesus said is layered.
It's a verse that you could write chapters on.
Praise God.
Father, I plead the blood of Jesus over us.
Thank you, Lord.
Praise God.
Lord, is there anything else I could say tonight?
If not, I'm going to move on because it's late.
But, Father, I thank you, Lord, for all that you revealed to us.
I know you gave us a piece of a puzzle tonight, and Lord, we'll take that puzzle and build a picture out of it soon.
You gave us a little bit more tonight, Father.
Lord, I know that there's something that's going to paint into a huge picture whenever it's all said and done.
And Lord, we thank you that it's all pointing to the coming of your Son.
We love you.
We give you praise and glory.
We thank you for the prayer time tonight.
Thank you, Father, that you always show up, Lord, and help me out.
It's not about me; it's all about you, and you get all the glory.
We give you the glory, we give you the honor, and we give you the praise.
Thank you, Father.
I decrease that you increase.
Amen and amen.
Well, praise the Lord.
I'll end it there.
I could pray more, but I have to use the men's room.
I drank so much tea and water here, and I'm like, 'Oh goodness, I drank too much of my herbal tea and I have to use the men's room.
' But I appreciate every single one of you coming out tonight.
Thank you for praying with us, and we're grateful.
We're so grateful for your support.
Thank you for praying with us.
I know that was really different.
I'm really weirded out by it myself, quite frankly.
I've never seen stuff like that, and then all of a sudden it happens, and I'm like, 'What in the world?
' I have to check it and go, 'Is this demonic?
What is this?
' But the Lord said, 'No, this is me.
I'm trying to warn you of something.
' This is much bigger than what you realize.
There's more to this.
Pray into this, and I'll show you more.
So that's what we will continue to do, and as he shows us, we'll talk about it.
Very interesting.
Our ancestors were trying to communicate with us, the future generations, about all kinds of different things.
What did they see?
What did they experience?
Why did they write and do what they did?
There's much more to this.
The Lord says in all the cultures across the world, there were different kinds of things, and that's what the Lord was showing us tonight.
But it's interesting how it started with Mark.
Why did he show us Mark first?
What is it about Mark going into the royals?
That's interesting for the people of Canada.
That was like, 'What are you showing about Mark?
' Lord, is Mark not human?
I mean, I don't know—I don't want to say that, but I'm just going to leave that there.
But I thought it was interesting how it went into them, and then it went to Europe, and then it went and it was all connected.
I was like, 'What in the world?
' DNA chains and things way out there, folks.
It was like a 'wow' to me.
I went, 'Okay, Lord, what are you saying?
' Oh my goodness, Father.
And then he wrapped it around Matthew 24.
'As in the days of Noah.
' He said, 'Focus on that verse—that one.
' He said, 'It's deep, Brandon.
It's bigger.
It has layers.
' So, God bless y'all.
Please subscribe, click that notification bell, click the like button, and comment something nice down below.
We'll see you again tomorrow.
We really appreciate every single one of you staying so long and praying with us.
God bless you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and thank you for your prayers.
Thank you for your prayers for my family.
We love you all.